whoa m and minetta lakhs and Emin
manemma nuh nuh uh yeah he does not seem
to have a bow Oh does his elbow can't
confirm his oboe have shot half shot
again half shot again I do nice chef
shot again he's running hot he's on 15
now he's digging down no he's not oh I
have 0 0 0 of the arrows yeah that's not
good oh yes arrows here well what I'm
gonna do is what we disconnected from
your channel it will only have three
sides now ginger okay so we got to be
conservative only three I guess I think
you guys can make make always three I'm
just going in okay he's up in this tree
I don't know how he has four kills on
the chanted
Gramps pretty good yeah I'm very good
win twice
just totally carried that light and go
about this but we got pearls oh yeah oh
love you is big on alive yes growing up
doc hope you honey got him it ok
well found where big one was Luke well
that was unfortunate oh hey uh sorry
cause we that was this fine the chapter
died yeah he got badly I was I big one
yeah I was just suddenly dead you're
going trying to worry me in for melee I
think
I'll bury but I
alright
I don't like fighting big one yeah me
neither he's very scum bagging Lee plays
but I've got three gold head so I should
be good pin at once come again
Hey oh no no no person I killed him by
the way oh you and Alex on Oh Montoya oh
I'm in toys here oh oh he's got a good
bow he just killed me you may late